content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
seo:
  page_title: HVAC Company in Lodi, WI
  meta_description: Hillestad has over 30 years of experience providing HVAC services in Lodi, WI. Our trained technicians are here to help you. Call us today!
  featured_image: /hillestad-social-preview_pjpfo1.jpg
  featured_image_alt:
hero: 
  heading: HVAC Company in Lodi, WI
  body: Providing Lodi, Baraboo, Sauk City and the surrounding areas with quality heating and cooling systems since 1988.
  highlights: 
    - icon: licensed
      body: Licensed, bonded and fully insured
    - icon: family
      body: Family-owned since 1988
    - icon: certification
      body: Certified HVAC professionals
  image: 
    image_url: /woman-sitting-on-couch-reading-magazine-1000_ty8bbx.jpg
    image_alt: Bryant technician showing a couple a newly installed air conditioner
  button:
    enabled: false
    button_url: 
    button_text: 
    open_in_new_tab: false
intro:
  heading: Trusted HVAC Professionals Since 1988
  body: "Hillestad Heating and Cooling Systems is a HVAC Company in Lodi, WI. We sell and service HVAC systems and install complete HVAC ductwork for residential and commercial customers. We proudly represent the Bryant line of residential heating and cooling products. We service most makes and models of gas furnaces, boilers, air conditioners, humidifiers and air cleaners."
  image: knope-heating-and-air-conditioning
  image_alt: Bryant service repairmen meeting with client and looking and furnaces and air conditioning units
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /about/
    button_text: Learn More About Us
    open_in_new_tab: false
cards:
  cards_row: false
  cards_stacked: true
  image: 
    enabled: true
    image_url: /woman-reviewing-catalog-with-bryant-dealer-1200_lffqee.jpg
    image_alt: Bryant technician with homeowner outdoors in front of carrier air conditioner
  card_item:
    - icon: service
      heading: Service for All Makes and Models
      body: For your convenience, our professionally trained technicians can service any make or model.
    - icon: quality
      heading: Commitment to Quality
      body: No matter the size of your project, our technicians are dedicated to providing the same quality equipment and service.
    - icon: same-day-service
      heading: Same-Day Service
      body: We provide emergency 24-hour, same-day service, plus free in-home estimates.
featured:
  - background: hhttps://res.cloudinary.com/hillestad/image/upload/v1744360179/bryant-logo-on-air-conditioner_z3qrzg.jpg
    image: /uploads/bryant-factory-authorized-dealer-logo-2.png
    image_alt: Bryant Factory Authorized Dealer Logo
    heading: Bryant Authorized Dealer
    body: As a factory-authorized dealer of quality Bryant products, Hillestad Heating and Cooling Systems knows the value of quality products and equipment. We offer a large selection of Energy Star products ranging from air conditioners and furnaces to air purifiers, ductless split systems and more.
    button:
      enabled: false
      button_url: /products/
      button_text: View Our Products
      open_in_new_tab: false
testimonials:
  - testimonial: Huge shout out and thank you to the professional, respectful staff at Hillestad. They've had my back numerous times and I now have a new furnace due to issues they detected.  I highly recommend them.
    author: "- Lora Yoder"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
  - testimonial: My furnace stopped working. I called Hillestad Heating and Cooling. A tech came out and fixed it right away. Great service and the people in the office are very nice and friendly. Thank you again for great the service!
    author: "- Tony Kieffer"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
  - testimonial: I contacted Hillestad because we were having issues with our air conditioner as the hottest days were upon us. They were quick to come to our home and service our unit. Complete check over and repair at an affordable price.
    author: "- Carla Wiessing"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
---

Commit message:

added rheem and mitsubishi images

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
seo:
  page_title: HVAC Company in Lodi, WI
  meta_description: Hillestad has over 30 years of experience providing HVAC services in Lodi, WI. Our trained technicians are here to help you. Call us today!
  featured_image: /hillestad-social-preview_pjpfo1.jpg
  featured_image_alt:
hero: 
  heading: HVAC Company in Lodi, WI
  body: Providing Lodi, Baraboo, Sauk City and the surrounding areas with quality heating and cooling systems since 1988.
  highlights: 
    - icon: licensed
      body: Licensed, bonded and fully insured
    - icon: family
      body: Family-owned since 1988
    - icon: certification
      body: Certified HVAC professionals
  image: 
    image_url: /woman-sitting-on-couch-reading-magazine-1000_ty8bbx.jpg
    image_alt: Bryant technician showing a couple a newly installed air conditioner
  button:
    enabled: false
    button_url: 
    button_text: 
    open_in_new_tab: false
intro:
  heading: Trusted HVAC Professionals Since 1988
  body: "Hillestad Heating and Cooling Systems is a HVAC Company in Lodi, WI. We sell and service HVAC systems and install complete HVAC ductwork for residential and commercial customers. We proudly represent the Bryant and Rheem lines of residential heating and cooling products. We service most makes and models of gas furnaces, boilers, air conditioners, humidifiers and air cleaners."
  image: knope-heating-and-air-conditioning
  image_alt: Bryant service repairmen meeting with client and looking and furnaces and air conditioning units
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /about/
    button_text: Learn More About Us
    open_in_new_tab: false
cards:
  cards_row: false
  cards_stacked: true
  image: 
    enabled: true
    image_url: /homeowner-kneeling-next-to-rheem-ac-unit_wtcpyb.jpg
    image_alt: Homeowner kneeling next to Rheem AC unit
  card_item:
    - icon: service
      heading: Service for All Makes and Models
      body: For your convenience, our professionally trained technicians can service any make or model.
    - icon: quality
      heading: Commitment to Quality
      body: No matter the size of your project, our technicians are dedicated to providing the same quality equipment and service.
    - icon: same-day-service
      heading: Same-Day Service
      body: We provide emergency 24-hour, same-day service, plus free in-home estimates.
featured:
  - background: hhttps://res.cloudinary.com/hillestad/image/upload/v1744360179/bryant-logo-on-air-conditioner_z3qrzg.jpg
    image: /uploads/bryant-factory-authorized-dealer-logo-2.png
    image_alt: Bryant Factory Authorized Dealer Logo
    image_2: /uploads/rheem-logo-white.png
    image_2_alt: Rheem Authorized Dealer Logo
    heading: Bryant and Rheem Authorized Dealer
    body: As a factory-authorized dealer of quality Bryant and Rheem products, Hillestad Heating and Cooling Systems knows the value of quality products and equipment. We offer a large selection of Energy Star products ranging from air conditioners and furnaces to air purifiers, ductless split systems and more.
    button:
      enabled: false
      button_url: 
      button_text: 
      open_in_new_tab: false
testimonials:
  - testimonial: Huge shout out and thank you to the professional, respectful staff at Hillestad. They've had my back numerous times and I now have a new furnace due to issues they detected.  I highly recommend them.
    author: "- Lora Yoder"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
  - testimonial: My furnace stopped working. I called Hillestad Heating and Cooling. A tech came out and fixed it right away. Great service and the people in the office are very nice and friendly. Thank you again for great the service!
    author: "- Tony Kieffer"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
  - testimonial: I contacted Hillestad because we were having issues with our air conditioner as the hottest days were upon us. They were quick to come to our home and service our unit. Complete check over and repair at an affordable price.
    author: "- Carla Wiessing"
    company: "Lodi, WI"
---
