content/about.md, before:

---
title: About
menu:
  secondary:
    weight: 1
seo:
  page_title: Heating and Cooling Company in Fitchburg, WI
  meta_description: Learn more about the HVAC professionals at Tarkenton Brothers Heating and Sheet Metal. Our team is ready to help you - call us today to schedule an appointment!
  featured_image: /uploads/bryant-technician-demonstrating-filter-replacement-1000.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking air filter and furnace
hero: 
  heading: Heating and Cooling Company in Fitchburg, WI
  body: Professionally trained technicians servicing all brands, makes and models.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/bryant-technician-demonstrating-filter-replacement
    image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking air filter and furnace
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /contact/ 
    button_text:  Request Service
    open_in_new_tab: false
---

## Over 45 Years of Heating and Cooling Experience

At Tarkenton Brothers Heating and Sheet Metal, we’ve been providing reliable HVAC service, repair and installation—including complete HVAC ductwork—since 1979. What started as a business run by three brothers has evolved into a family tradition, with their sons and cousins proudly working here today. We remain family-owned and operated, committed to offering exceptional service to our customers across residential and commercial HVAC needs. 

Our services include expert repairs and complete system installations, including custom ductwork. We prioritize quality in everything we do and believe in getting the job done right the first time. This approach ensures long-lasting systems and satisfied customers because when the work is done properly, everyone’s happy. 

At Tarkenton Brothers, we’re straightforward and relatable. Our team won’t sugarcoat the condition of your HVAC system. We’ll give you an honest, clear assessment while keeping things light and friendly. Our technicians and installers have been with us for years, and many customers have come to know them personally. When you see a Tarkenton Brothers truck pull up, you’ll likely be greeted by someone familiar—helping build trust through every service call. 

<div class="breakout bg-black flow">
  <span class="brand-divider">
      <img src="/uploads/tarkenton-arrow-logomark-up.png" alt="">
  </span>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Servicing Dane County Including:</h2>

  * Madison 

  * Fitchburg 

  * Oregon 

  * Middleton
  
  * Monona
  
  * Stoughton
  
  * Sun Prairie
  
  * Verona

  * and more

  <a class="btn btn--primary" href="/contact/">Request Service</a>

</div>

## Bryant Authorized Dealer

As a factory-authorized dealer of quality Bryant products, Tarkenton Brothers Heating and Sheet Metal knows the value of quality products and equipment. We offer a large selection of Energy Star products ranging from air conditioners and furnaces to air purifiers, ductless split systems and more. 

## Quick Facts About Tarkenton Brothers: 

* Over 45 years in the HVAC and sheet metal business 

* Free replacement estimates 

* 24-hour emergency service 

* Residential and light commercial 

* Licensed, bonded and fully insured 

* Sales, service, installation

Commit message:

Updated About, Lodi, Baraboo, Service Area, and Indoor Air quality. Also added logos and changed site settings

content/about.md, after:

---
title: About
menu:
  secondary:
    weight: 1
seo:
  page_title: About Hillestad Heating and Cooling
  meta_description: From garage startup to trusted HVAC leader, Hillestad Heating has proudly served Wisconsin homes and businesses since 1988.
  featured_image: /uploads/bryant-technician-demonstrating-filter-replacement-1000.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking air filter and furnace
hero: 
  heading: About Hillestad Heating and Cooling
  body: From garage startup to trusted HVAC leader, Hillestad Heating has proudly served Wisconsin homes and businesses since 1988.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/bryant-technician-demonstrating-filter-replacement
    image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking air filter and furnace
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /contact/ 
    button_text:  Schedule Service
    open_in_new_tab: false
---

## Built on Hard Work. Powered by Trust.

Hillestad Heating and Cooling started in 1988 with five hardworking HVAC professionals and one big idea: to deliver reliable, honest heating and cooling service with a personal touch. With diverse expertise across all areas of HVAC, the team came together and slowly built a business from the ground up.

For the first year, the company operated out of personal vans and garages, with Terry Hillestad’s garage serving as the main shop. As word spread and the work kept coming, the team opened their first official office in downtown Lodi, in the basement of a dental office.

By 1991, Hillestad had purchased land in Lodi’s industrial park to build a dedicated office and sheet metal shop. From there, the company continued to expand, constructing additional buildings, repurposing rental space and adapting as growth 
demanded. The sheet metal shop alone has relocated three times to accommodate increasing demand.

Today, Hillestad is proud to be a trusted name in south-central Wisconsin for heating, cooling, refrigeration and indoor air quality services. We’ve never forgotten where we came from, and we carry that same spirit of commitment, craftsmanship and care into every job we do.

<!--
<div class="breakout bg-black flow">
  <span class="brand-divider">
      <img src="/uploads/tarkenton-arrow-logomark-up.png" alt="">
  </span>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Servicing Dane County Including:</h2>

  * Madison 

  * Fitchburg 

  * Oregon 

  * Middleton
  
  * Monona
  
  * Stoughton
  
  * Sun Prairie
  
  * Verona

  * and more

  <a class="btn btn--primary" href="/contact/">Request Service</a>

</div>
-->

## Our Philosophy

At Hillestad, you get more than just technically advanced and reliable heating equipment, you get a highly dedicated customer support team covering an area between Stoughton and Wisconsin Dells. Our team is well-trained and experienced in all areas of HVAC, including servicing existing equipment, installing new systems, replacing old units and providing routine maintenance.

From the beginning, Hillestad has focused on residential homes and light commercial work. That remains true today, with continued dedication to servicing and replacing HVAC equipment, always with customer satisfaction as our top priority.

<!--
## Quick Facts About Tarkenton Brothers: 

* Over 45 years in the HVAC and sheet metal business 

* Free replacement estimates 

* 24-hour emergency service 

* Residential and light commercial 

* Licensed, bonded and fully insured 

* Sales, service, installation
-->
